I love your miss all right good job good
start good grab both sides and tug hold
them a little bit low
oh wait wait wait your word you guys
aren't doing that Kate grab your collar
good job pick up remember you're not
doing the outlet um you're doing
yes job remaining
easy don't lift them all the way adjust
its front end off the ground
okay when you drop it don't let us color
go I'll show you what to do okay let's
totally fall good hold them back just a
little bit Joe with one hand but the
other hand I want you to reach like
you're gonna grab this weight you know I
didn't why you grabbed this one while
you reach like you're gonna grab the toy
okay
talk to what is that what's that toys
okay go behind quickly good okay pull
them back just look at letting go Joe
don't let that sway don't let that dicus
hold it back mom holding back there you
go Joe recent weeks
ah good I won't be like oh I'm gonna
spit up from you kid
you little spoiler be funky about it
drop four together stop her top okay
grandma at the ground walk backwards
present your target requisite the target
okay turn your body sideways on your
face and there you go okay I'll go up
okay ready let her go miss snap at you
guys step back when you do this there
you go
nope your getup you got to be quick with
this dog there you go okay okay okay
like let go just one handle turn your
body into a way there you go pull across
your bodies like that
good do your wife is doing put them on
your hip so turn Joe one handle there
you go like that good yeah yes go huh
there you go turn again good turn into
me a little bit turn in this way turn in
turn in come on turn this way buddy yep
there he goes like that
more MORE come on turn towards me pull
you pull athletes there you go right
there
weakly poles yes yes there you go
good again good okay we reach up grab
your call and then let it go and let it
go good let go good
you got to be sensitised them to grab
the caller - because every time you
touch is callers not going to lose
something good work up grab his collar
again good let go and now I only prese
good jobs low praise calming free will
praise again yes there you go is how did
you change good grab your leash no your
leash and do a little carry with them
carry loosely get more leash a little
early there you go there you go
work your way up the leash and then pick
up on color they just like that whole
them right there and we wait
mom can you come hold the dog in please
okay hand the dog to your wife hold her
by the color this time UMP him and Joe
grab it again you're bleeding a little
bit you okay okay walk back a little bit
give it a you target yeah don't turn
your body's that down right okay I'll go
up separate he's got my hand okay okay
elbow up gait providers turn this way a
little bit turn towards me a little bit
there you ride much as you can for the
dirt grab separate hands little more no
more there you go
okay leave right there let him grab it
let's see if he'll grab but yeah logo
what do you buy them on need to work on
some targeting dog
[Laughter]
Joe grab one handle and bounce and walk
this way turn your body into them now
put them on your hip again like your one
handle good one and grab the end of the
handle there you go and walk this way
right towards us there you go good come
right by Christina and and sandwich him
right between you and Christina and
Kelly pulls stop oh good do that again
Oh yep
okay work with grab the collar again
another out simply work on below
targeting with them
okay mom got the dog again okay Joe
gravit ugh only be trouble like feet
away like I'm back to three feet away
full of them
better for her okay grab one handle and
then go back to tell you a little bit
with them good job okay try again to
work your way Fred the collar it's only
got one or two left in them kinda out of
gas Kiki okay flows again back flips
again
did you bring yep this knows a little
bit bring your right hand up a little
bit how good a little more okay there
you go
ask you guys differently mom bring him
up a little bit bring him up a little
bit no one go alrighty done guys